PermeabilityMohrCoulombFailureIndexModel (#2989)
ufz/ogs: Documentation/ProjectFile/properties/property/PermeabilityMohrCoulombFailureIndexModel/t_initial_permeability.md

\copydoc MaterialPropertyLib::PermeabilityMohrCoulombFailureIndexModel::k0_

> It must be input as a Parameter variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameter name to be used as initial permeability.
```

Author: Took it.
